By Rahul Sagore
===============

	* Minor changes in notice & Announcement page.
	* Resolved the Bug for the Permalink( example.com#tab1 ) of the sidebar 
	  With the help of Chitrank Dixit.
	* Helped Nitesh with knockout.js and by suggesting bootstrap template for PBAS project.
	* Helped Sunny Raikwar by resolving some bugs with "Download/RTI" page.
	* Changed href from Xpression.php to Xpressions.php.
	* Created menu file for student portal -> studentMenu.php.
	* Included studentMenu.php in studentHeader.php file.
	* Created menu file for faculty portal -> FacultyMenu.php.
	* changed faculty_header.php and faculty_portal.php for updating menu.
	* Created Menu file for staff portal -> staffMenu.php.
	* Updated staff_header.php file (including link of staffMenu.php).
	* Added a link to index.php on portals.php

By  Sunny Raikwar
=================
	* Created "Download/RTI" page 
	* Created Library Page 
	* Involved in the discussion with Ankit kulkarni about the format of the project report
	* Made a format for project report of iips website with Ankit Kulkarni
	* Created Recruitment page 
	
By Chitrank Dixit
=================
	* Discussed some UI enhancements with Rahul , Sunny , Ankit.
	* Read about SAML (Single Sign on with Domain Specific Option).
	* Studied JavaScript and PHP at codecademy.com



By Ankit Kulkarni
=================

	* Cleaned up a few files with proper naming like added the file name in following format - "word1_word2" 
	* Completed admission page
	* Discussion with nitesh on database, knockout , angular.js
	* Read about SAML (Single Sign on with Domain Specific Option) with Chitrank.
	* Tried to Resolve the bug for the permalinks.
	* Checked menus and updated contents.
	* Corrected a few file names in proper format : word1_word2" .
	* Discussion of project report with sunny and rahul
	* created the project report template.

